# Udacity_FrontEndDeveloperProject4
Another developer put together a restaurant reviews site but it was not designed to be used on multiple screen sizes or have accessibility standards that were up to ARIA standards. The site also didn't contain a service worker so in cases where there was no internet or really slow internet, the site wouldn't show up at all or would perform poorly.

I was tasked with implementing all the features that were left out in the description above.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

No prerequisites required to run this project.

### Installing

- Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/codeman27/Udacity_FrontEndDeveloper_Project5.git
cd Udacity_FrontEndDeveloper_Project5
```
- Open index.html

## Using The Site
- Click any of the pins on the map to be taken to the details for that restaurant
- You can also click the View Details button to get to the details for the restaurant
- You can filter by area or by cuisine and this will narrow down the selection in the map and the main page
- Details view will show name, open times and reviews

## Details
This is for the 5th project in the Udacity Front End Developer nanodegree. 

## Project Requirements
1. Fork and clone the starter repository. The code in this repository will serve as your baseline to begin development.
2. You will need a MapBox API key. Replace the text <your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>inside of main.js with your key. MapBox API is free to use, without providing any payment information.
3. Convert the provided site to use a responsive design.
  + Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
  - Use appropriate document type declaration and viewport tags
  - Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
  - Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
  - Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
4. Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
5. Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.
6. You may use external JavaScript libraries, but UI frameworks may not be used. This includes (but is not limited to) jQuery, React, Angular, Vue, etc.
